[DO MERGE] Sign-in-or-up docs (#1772)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/react-router/custom-sign-in-or-up-page.mdx

---
title: Build your own sign-in-or-up page for your React Router app with Clerk
description: Learn how to add a custom sign-in-or-up page to your React Router app with Clerk's prebuilt components.
---

> This guide shows you how to use the [`<SignIn />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in) component with the [React Router Splat route](https://reactrouter.com/start/framework/routing#splats) in order to build a custom page for your Next.js app that allows users to sign-in or sign-up within a single flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to use the [`<SignIn />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in) component with the [React Router Splat route](https://reactrouter.com/start/framework/routing#splats) in order to build a custom page for your Next.js app that allows users to sign in or sign up within a single flow.
```

> If the prebuilt components don't meet your specific needs or if you require more control over the logic, you can rebuild the existing Clerk flows using the Clerk API. For more information, see the [custom flow guides](/docs/custom-flows/overview).

Reviewer 2: Simplifying the language a little
```suggestion
If the prebuilt components don’t fully meet your needs or you want greater control over the logic, you can recreate Clerk’s existing flows using the Clerk API.  For more information, see the [custom flow guides](/docs/custom-flows/overview).
```
